README.md, before:

## Basic configuration for iterm + zsh

1. Download [iTerm2](https://www.iterm2.com/downloads.html) and install it.
2. Download [ZSH](https://ohmyz.sh/)
3. Chose a [THEME](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/wiki/themes) / OPTIONAL
4. Install [AutoSuggestion](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions) / OPTIONAL
5. BIG OPTIONAL install [grv](https://github.com/rgburke/grv)



### Some basic commands

 - [mkdir](#mkdir)
 - [cd](#cd)
 - [mv](#mv)
 - [git init](#git-init)
 - [git add](#git-add)
 - [git clone](#git-clone)
 - [git commit](#git-commit)
 - [git push](#git-push)
 - [code .](#code)


## mkdir

Is the command used for MaKing a DIRectory.

Example usage =>

> mkdir test

This will create a test folder

## cd
> cd test

This will Change the Directory

## mv
> mv test test1

With mv we can rename or move files into a new folder.

It consists of mv -source -destination  => if the destination is not created it will renamte the current folder

## git init

> git init

This will init an .git file

## git add

> git add .

This will add your changes

## git clone

> git clone git@github.com:kedmenecr/macOS-starter-readme.git

This will clone the current project from the destination, if we want we can add a dot (.) at the end so it will clone it in the current folder

## git commit

> git commit -m "Commit message"

It consist of the command commit with a parametar -m which means the message, and under string goes the commit message

> git commit -m "Init commit."

## git push

> git push

It will do a push to the repo

Commit message:

Updated with ls and touch.

README.md, after:

## Basic configuration for iterm + zsh

1. Download [iTerm2](https://www.iterm2.com/downloads.html) and install it.
2. Download [ZSH](https://ohmyz.sh/)
3. Chose a [THEME](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/wiki/themes) / OPTIONAL
4. Install [AutoSuggestion](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions) / OPTIONAL
5. BIG OPTIONAL install [grv](https://github.com/rgburke/grv)



### Some basic commands

 - [mkdir](#mkdir)
 - [cd](#cd)
 - [mv](#mv)
 - [ls](#ls)
 - [touch](#touch)
 - [git init](#git-init)
 - [git add](#git-add)
 - [git clone](#git-clone)
 - [git commit](#git-commit)
 - [git push](#git-push)
 - [code .](#code)


## mkdir

Is the command used for MaKing a DIRectory.

Example usage =>

> mkdir test

This will create a test folder

## cd
> cd test

This will Change the Directory

## mv
> mv test test1

With mv we can rename or move files into a new folder.

It consists of mv -source -destination  => if the destination is not created it will renamte the current folder

## ls

> ls

It returns infomation about the files in the directory

> ls -la

It returns all infomation about the files in the directory


## touch

> touch index.js

It creates a file without editing it

## git init

> git init

This will init an .git file

## git add

> git add .

This will add your changes

## git clone

> git clone git@github.com:kedmenecr/macOS-starter-readme.git

This will clone the current project from the destination, if we want we can add a dot (.) at the end so it will clone it in the current folder

## git commit

> git commit -m "Commit message"

It consist of the command commit with a parametar -m which means the message, and under string goes the commit message

> git commit -m "Init commit."

## git push

> git push

It will do a push to the repo
